Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/tutorial/encryption.txt

In-Use Encryption
=================

.. meta::

>    :description: Learn how to implement in-use encryption in PHP projects using MongoDB, including managing encryption keys and configuring client-side field level encryption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Learn how to implement in-use encryption in PHP projects with the MongoDB PHP Library, including managing encryption keys and configuring client-side field level encryption.
```
